# Stack-Application
This application converts an infix expression to prefix and postfix
The way this is done is through the use of linked lists. The methods to create prefix and postfix equations differ. To create a postfix equation, only one linked list (or stack) is required. A for loop will be used to traverse through the expression and saved as a variable of char type. The variable will determined to be either an operand or operator. If it is an operand, it will be automatically added to the string for the final expression. If it is an operator, we will first check if the stack is empty or not. If it is empty, the operator will be pushed into the stack. If not, the precedence of the operator will be compared to the operator at the top of the stack. If it is of higher precedence, then the operator will be pushed to the top of the stack. If it is lower or of same precedence, then the operator of the top of the stack will be popped into the final expression and the current operator will be pushed into the stack. To create a prefix expression, two stacks are required.  A stack holding operands and another holding operators. Operands are automatically added to the operands stack and left parenthesis are added to operator stack. When a right parenthesis is added, the top of the operand stack will be popped twice, and saved as right operand and left operand, respectively, and an operator will be popped off the operator stack. Then a new expression containing the operator, left operand, and right operand (respectively), will be pushed into the operand stack. If an operator is found, its precedence will be checked. Higher precedence than the top of the operator stack will cause the operator to be pushed into the stack. Lower or equal precedence will cause two operands to be popped from the operand stack, saved as right and left operands (respectively), then the top of the operator stack will be pushed, and they will create a new operand that is saved into the operand stack. The current operator will then be pushed into the operator stack. 
